hey folks is Terry here with the pro
school community called for April its
April 2nd and we have a few updates for
you today so let's start it off a day
who has been updating a bunch of our
content based on changes made to ipfs
itself yeah so first thing that we have
to show actually is so they have a
couple of plates that we are doing two
tutorials regarding Summit Racing
refactor major release for a JSP FS that
we talked about last time and now it's
just a couple couple of more tweaks and
we're ready to learn much today we are
so this means that from a user from a
perspective home on someone who's doing
the the tutorial the codes will be the
co challenges will be a little bit
different so in order for users to know
that actually they are different and
that they can do it and we also had a
nice feature to actually show the users
that they are different so what they
will look like it's something like this
this is for new tutorials but for
updated ones this message will show up
where we will be able to see that for
some reason the applicant and then the
message so encouraging users to actually
do the tutorials again and so this is
under works and the updates for the
tutorials will be lunch for soon as well
and so this is what it will look like
for example for the anatomy of a CID
tutorial that will be launched recently
will so you'll see this message message
and this way you can see that tutorials
have been a player or not they are new
on the tutorials list page
everyone is enjoying the vacuum noises
from upstairs sorry
[Music]
here yeah
so that's if you haven't yet acquainted
yourself with async/await refactor check
out the new tutorials starting later
today hopefully and there's a blog there
are a couple blog posts that also
references so there's that piece and
then I think the other big thing we've
been working on this month is just
digging into planning for q2 that's not
quite final yet so I'll probably wait
until our next meeting to share details
but we're looking at ways to expand our
content base and make it easier to
contribute maybe easier to host virtual
events for those of you who are leading
chapters in places where you can get
together in person right now just
probably most of you so stay tuned for
updates there maybe about the
subscription as well then just like oh
yes good point so when we get this
update published for you for these
tutorials we're gonna send out an update
through our newsletter and in today's
meeting notes you'll find a link to sign
up we're using MailChimp to manage our
list and there are actually two
different segments for this mailing list
you can choose whichever one is right
for you so when you go to sign up for
the newsletter we have this little box
right here if you just give us your
email address the news that you'll get
will be updates from protocool so things
like new tutorials our site features
we're not gonna send you updates
specifically about individual projects
so if you want info on ipfs or falcon
those projects both have their own
newsletters you can sign up for but if
we release a new tutorial new feature
will let you know if here's someone
who's interested in hosting local or
school events then I strongly encourage
you to check the box right here we're no
longer communicating with our leaders
through github because of the way that
people are signing up it doesn't use
github as part of that process
so in order for us to keep you up to
date on resources that we create for
local leaders we need you to sign up for
the newsletter and check that little box
right there so for the attendees of your
events we encourage you to have them
sign up for the newsletter in general so
they can stay up to date when we have
new content but for you who are leading
events go ahead and check that box
awesome yeah I think that's it for today
so light on the updates but we hope to
get a little more done as we settle into
our new normal here and we'll be back
with more for you excellent see you
later bye
[Music]